[singing voice] Aniplex.
Are you serious?
What's the deal?
I will be preparing your CADs.
Can't back out.
[Tatsuya] No use complaining
about what's decided.
[exhales]
Sure, if you say so, Tatsuya.
[Leonhard] Whatever.
I guess we're gonna have
to kick some butt.
[both gasping]
[Tatsuya] Then let's hold
a strategy meeting tomorrow.
We can start with
the broad strokes for now.
Leo, I'd like for you
to play on defense.
[Leonhard] No problem,
but what exactly does
a defender do?
Your job will be to protect
your own monolith
from the enemy attacks.
You know what you have to do
to win Monolith Code, don't you?
If I remember correctly,
you can either just knock out
your foes
or you need to enter
the code that's hidden within
the enemy's monolith
into a terminal.
Right,
and in order for a player
to read that secret code,
they must fire
a special magic sequence
with a maximum range of 30 feet
at the monolith.
I understand.
That means the defense's job
would be
to prevent opponents
from getting anywhere
within 30 feet
of their team's monolith,
and to jam up competitors
so they can't read the code,
even if they fire
that special sequence
at the monolith, right?
Exactly.
[Leonhard] Hold on.
How are we supposed
to hold off the enemy?
We can't use
any physical attacks, right?
Honestly, though,
I'm so bad
at remote attacks spells,
it's not even funny.
Which is why I think you should
be wielding this.
[Leonhard grunts]
[Tatsuya] All direct
attacks without
the use of magic are off limits,
but using a spell
to hurl something toward
the enemy wouldn't count
as a violation.
Ah.
[grunts]
Smart thinkin'.
And as for what I'd like you
to handle, Mikihiko,
you're guerrilla tactics
[Mikihiko] What's that?
It's offense and defense.
Your job
is to back up both aspects
of our game.
[grunts]
Tatsuya.
What's wrong?
[Mikihiko] You said it yourself,
didn't you?
That my‐‐you told me
the Yoshida family's
magic sequences
are too convoluted
and that's why I can't employ
my magic the way I want to.
It's true.
Admittedly, my spell that day
was camouflaged in order
to obscure the true nature
of the magic sequence
I'd activated.
Unfortunately, I think
that's most likely
what led to those redundancies
you pointed out.
Back when lengthy incantations
were necessary,
that tactic was quite effective.
Now, not so much
for modern magic
which has been
greatly accelerated by CADs.
[laughs]
Yeah, I get it.
Despite the fact
that ancient magic
is more potent in power,
it stands no chance
against modern magic.
[Tatsuya] That's where
you're wrong, Mikihiko.
Uh?
Modern magic if going head
to head
has the edge due
to its superior speed
of activation.
That's the only advantage.
In terms of surprise attacks,
ancient magic which
is stealthier
and more powerful would have
the upper hand.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] The elder Mr. Kudo
said so himself.
How you use it is key.
I want you on the team
because your capability
to ambush with ancient magic
would I think be
a powerful weapon for us.
[grunts]
I'll need to be sneaky.
No one has ever asked me
to use spirits like that before.
Ah.
All right.
You can count on me, buddy.
That's a relief.
I'm so grateful.
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[tense music]
Hey, look at that.
It's Tatsuya Shiba.
Well, well.
I thought he said
he wasn't participating
as a player.
[Masaki] Shall we see
what he can do?
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasping]
[grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ What the‐‐
[gasps]
Unbelievable.
Was that Gram Demolition spell?
Wait, did he cast...
Yes, Gram Demolition.
He's dismantling their spells?
I've suspected this
for a while now,
Tatsuya,
but you can use it.
What are you saying?
You know what that was just now?
It's spell dismantling.
The bullets are made
of compressed psion particles.
[Mayumi] They're fired directly
at the target bypassing
the idea dimension,
then they detonate.
Any psion bodies with magic info
recorded on them
like extra activation sequences
are blasted away
and rendered useless by
this counter‐magic spell.
Aside from its short range,
the technique has
no real drawbacks.
Among counter‐magic spells
actually in use,
it's the most powerful,
but hardly anyone
can make use of it.
[Mari] Then just as we thought.
He canceled all those spells
on the bus.
[rumbling]
They did it!
The monolith is opening!
Why are they moving away
from their enemy's monolith
when it just opened up?
Even though it is my brother,
512 characters is a lot
to type into a terminal
under fire.
[Woman] ♪♪ 'Cause I'm
a believer ♪♪
[Taku Iwasaki's "Soul Fever"]
‐ ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
‐ [groans]
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ [Woman] 'Cause I'm
a believer ♪♪
[grunting]
[shouts]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
‐ [shouting]
‐ Huh?
[yelling]
[grunting]
[Woman] ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
‐ ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
‐ [boy] Where are they?
Come on.
Don't hide from me.
Show yourselves, cowards!
[groaning]
[Woman] ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
[Mikihiko] The rest is up
to you now, Tatsuya.
[Woman] ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunting]
That must have been resonance
just now.
Non‐systematic.
He took down his foe
by reflecting psions off
of biological waves.
Looks like it's game over.
[siren blaring]
Yes, yes, yes!
Amazing!
They won it!
That was an absolute landslide!
Your brother totally owned them!
Hey, congratulations, Miyuki.
Who, me?
Thank you, I guess.
[giggles]
[Masaki] Tell me, George.
How would you go
about taking him on?
I've got a sneaking suspicion
Shiba's battle‐tested.
His demeanor,
his readiness,
and positioning.
[Shinkurou] If you ask me,
we should be more wary
of his skills in combat
rather than magic.
And how do you rate
those magic skills?
Let's see.
I was stunned by
the spell dismantling.
[Shinkurou] But as
for that final resonance,
despite setting up
an impeccable ambush
from behind,
it wasn't enough to knock out
his opponent.
[Masaki] Hmm.
[Shinkurou]
The logical conclusion
is he's unable
to wield magic that powerful.
I don't think you'll need
to worry,
except about spell dismantling,
but what you'll really need
to watch out for
is stumbling right into one
of his ambushes.
Meaning that there's no reason
for Third High to fear
of frontal assault.
Wouldn't you agree?
I do agree.
The question is,
how do we force him into
a head‐on confrontation?
[Shinkurou] As long as you
can figure that out,
we'll win,
even if the match isn't set
on the open plains stage.
Our victory is all but certain.
[cheers and applause]
Mikihiko, are you ready?
[Mikihiko] Sure am.
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[magical whooshing]
♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Do all this crazy thing ♪♪
Got it.
I located the monolith.
It's down and to the left.
Okay, roger that.
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me some more ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[grunts]
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[both grunting]
[Woman] ♪♪ Do all this
crazy thing ♪♪
[rumbling]
♪♪ I don't want anymore ♪♪
All right.
[Woman] ♪♪ I wanna dive
into play ♪♪
♪♪ Give me some more ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
‐ [Man] ♪♪ So you wanna hold me ♪♪
♪♪ Tight as lock
put it all on me ♪♪
♪♪ Ain't nobody can
but call me any moment ♪♪
♪♪ I'm a super man
work so super man ♪♪
♪♪ One and only not
a storm trooper man ♪♪
[both grunting]
[snarls]
Huh?
[gasps]
Forcefield!
[magical whooshing]
Hey, no fair!
[both grunting]
[Man] ♪♪ I've been living in it ♪♪
♪♪ I've been doing, doing ♪♪
♪♪ Doing, doing, doing it ♪♪
♪♪ I'm living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
[exhales]
[booming]
[Man] ♪♪ I've been living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
♪♪ I've been doing in all right ♪♪
[siren blaring]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[chuckles]
Hmm.
I get not using
decomposition here,
but isn't Shiba cutting corners
by not using either flash cast
or elemental sight as well?
He must have some reason
for wanting
to keep those under wraps.
Seriously, you do know that,
don't you?
[Kyouko] But I'm almost certain
that Tatsuya
will end up using flash cast.
Hmm.
If they make it to the finals,
they'll be playing Third High.
[Kyouko] After all,
even he can't expect
to defeat the prince
and the cardinal armed only
with a low‐spec CAD
and some basic magic sequences.
[doorbell rings]
[Miyuki] If you don't mind me
saying so, brother,
doesn't the final round start
at 1:00 p. m.?
I think it's a good idea
for you to get some rest.
No.
Third High's competing
in semifinals today at noon,
and I can't afford
to miss their match.
[Erika] Big brother Tsugu!
What in the world are you doing
in a place like this?
You're supposed to be
in Thailand on business
till next week
as a kenjutsu instructor!
So why the heck
did you come here?
[Tsugu exhales]
Erika,
could you please calm down?
[both groaning]
Ordinarily, I'd assume
the best of you,
but surely you haven't abandoned
your duties to meet up
with this woman, right?
No, I told you.
Now settle down.
I didn't abandon my duties
to come here.
Do you understand that?
Erika,
I'm still your senior at school,
so could you show some respect?
You're making a scene.
And calling me "this woman"
is out of line.
‐ Got it?
‐ Ever since you got involved
with her,
you've become corrupted, Tsugu.
Honestly, I master
of the Chiba style kenjutsu such
as yourself forsaking
his swordsmanship training
for an infatuation
with cheap magic tricks.
‐ Erika!
‐ [gasps]
Honing one's expertise
with a blade means constantly
incorporating new techniques
wherever I can.
‐ [groans]
‐ [Tsugu] That's why
I've come here.
Don't you see?
Mari has nothing to do with it.
But as for today,
I heard Mari was injured,
and I was worried about her,
so I just came to visit.
In actuality,
for your rude behavior
and crass,
hurtful remarks,
you're the one
who should feel ashamed
as a daughter
of the Chiba family.
Come on, Erika.
Apologize to Mari.
No way.
I won't do it.
‐ You will!
‐ I refuse.
And nothing
will ever change my mind.
I'll say it again.
Your association with her
has corrupted you,
and you know it!
[grunts]
[exhales]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Erika] That stupid brother
of mine
is being seduced by that woman.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but I thought he was
a world‐class swordsman.
Even if you're mad at him,
it doesn't seem right
to call him your
"stupid brother."
Huh?
[grunts]
[chuckles]
How'd you know, Miyuki?
Well,
I heard it from my brother.
Why didn't I assume that?
Of course he would know
all about Natsugu.
That's right up his alley.
Come on, Erika.
Just because you're hanging
with us now doesn't give you
a reason to start calling him
something else.
I believe his name
is Brother Tsugu.
No, hey, forget all about that,
will you, please?
That's so not me,
all right?
Now, now.
Don't be embarrassed.
You positively adore Natsugu,
don't you?
[shouts]
No, I don't!
[laughs]
You don't fool me.
Seems you've got
a brother complex, Eri.
Huh?
[groaning]
[Erika] That's rich,
coming from you!
You're like daddy's little girl,
but for your brother!
[upbeat techno music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
Stop right there!
[clanging]
[Tatsuya] Interference armor,
huh?
Uh?
Move type area interference.
The Juumonji clan's
specialty magic.
[gasps]
[boy] Dammit!
[grunting]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[boy grunts]
[electric sparking]
[rumbling]
[booming]
[shouting]
[boy yelling]
[Miyuki] The Ichijou Prince.
He's beyond what we imagined.
[exhales]
It's strange.
In some ways,
his style seems similar
to yours, Juumonji.
I'm not sure whether
he's copying my style
on purpose or not,
but it's definitely a challenge
to Shiba‐‐
a dare to trade gunfire
with him head on.
A challenge?
And there's no doubt in my mind
he'll take the bait.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] He's going to lure me
into head‐on combat
by deliberately opening
himself up?
Unfortunately,
this puts us in a bind,
since taking the prince's bait
also gives us
our greatest chance for victory.
An impressive strategy,
Cardinal George.
Seriously,
he's got us beat.
I know.
This is bad.
His defenses are way too strong.
Not even getting a glimpse
at any players hands
besides Ichijou's
is another blow
to our team's prospects.
I can more or less predict what
Kichijouji will do.
[Mikihiko] Huh?
[Tatsuya] The Cardinal Code
that Kichijouji discovered
is a weight‐type plus code.
The event he competed in
was Speed Shooting.
Therefore his specialty spell
must be the Invisible Bullet.
‐ He discovered a Cardinal Code?
‐ [gasps]
No wonder.
I thought I'd heard
the name Shinkurou Kichijouji
somewhere else before.
So he's the Cardinal George,
huh?
‐ Right.
‐ [grunts]
So it's not as if Ichijou's
the only player we need
to look out for.
all: Mm?
And yet before
we start worrying about
the Cardinal
and the Crimson Prince,
we've got that match against
Nine High's team.
Huh?
[shouts]
[magical beeping]
[gasps]
[rumbling]
[boy] Damn!
Where the hell did that thing
come from?
[grunts]
[beeping]
[cheers and applause]
Imagine that.
Look at you, Miki.
Back to your old self.
Did you say something?
‐ Huh, Erika?
‐ [gasps]
Oh, never mind.
It's nothing.
[grunts]
[door rumbling]
[door closes]
[gasps]
[footsteps approaching]
Hey.
What brings you up
to the hotel roof?
Since I have some time before
the final starts,
I've come to see Mt. Fuji.
[Mikihiko] What about you?
Why are you out here
by yourself?
I came here for some alone time,
I think.
Uh...
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ So how about it?
‐ Huh?
About what?
‐ You feel it?
‐ [gasps]
You came to suffuse yourself
with energy.
So are you feeling it yet?
Uh...
[Erika] Mikihiko?
Oh, sorry.
I, uh...
[Mikihiko] Erika,
why are you calling
me Mikihiko all of a sudden?
So, um, are you absorbing
the energy
of the sacred mountain yet?
[grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
[exhales]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Be honest.
You've noticed it, haven't you?
I mean,
you're able to wield spirits
the way you were before
the accident
when you were called
the Yoshida's child prodigy.
Huh?
No, you're beyond that now,
I believe.
Magic skills like sense tuning,
mist barrier,
and energy absorption‐‐
performing all those skills
is as natural
as breathing for you.
‐ I'm really impressed!
‐ [Mikihiko] Whoa!
If you can keep this up, Miki,
you'll have nothing
to fear from Third High.
[Erika] So give it your all
on the final.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
For the last time,
my name's Mikihiko.
[Haruka] For Pete's sake,
I'm the counselor,
not some errand girl
for students like you, Shiba.
Need I remind you that it
was Master Kokonoe
who asked you to transport
the stuff and not me?
But I get why you're angry.
If you're unhappy
running errands,
then perhaps I was wrong
to think you would be interested
in a tax free windfall.
[gasps]
Well, what would you want me
to do?
Can you find out where
No Head Dragon's base
is located for me?
[gasps]
[grunting]
How do you know about
the No Head Dragon?
I believe it's
a no‐brainer necessity
to uncover the identity
of your enemies,
especially those
who mean you harm.
But what exactly do you have
in mind?
Relax.
As of right now,
I'm not planning
on doing anything.
However, it would make me uneasy
not knowing
our enemy's whereabouts
when we need to strike back.
Also, I think people could get
the wrong idea
if they see us like this.
[whimpering]
So it's only insurance, then.
[Tatsuya] You're welcome
to draw that conclusion.
[groans]
I suppose so.
Just give me a day.
24 hours?
How commendable.
[Masaki] So the final will be
played on the open plains stage.
Just as you predicted, George.
[Shinkurou] We've lucked out,
Masaki.
All that's left to do now
is see if Shiba
will take the bait soon.
Oh, there's no question
he'll fall for our ploy.
With no obstruction
on the open plains stage,
he'll have zero chance
of winning unless he engages.
It'll be a head‐on,
man‐to‐man shoot‐out.
Precisely,
and ironically,
because he has Gram Demolition
as his trump card,
he'll have no other choice
but to try to use it
as a way out.
I couldn't have said
it better myself.
The point:
this ensures our victory
in the Monolith Code finals.
Right.
Let's win this.
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪